hello welcome my actions
There is one word from me today
Turkish video
I'll do that and this video
I have already in my old throw
This was sometime in the autumn
But somehow I forgot that
for you to cut together and
upload
Of course I want you to have this recipe
Do not be deprived and become you
so now the ingredients
imagine
but maybe very short in advance
There is a natural kitchen here
quite often there is one
vegetarian variation and one with
minced meat i will be using this today
minced imagine that with me
personally better and while it is
actually pretty much yes and to the
ingredients go immediately
for this you need paprika and that
is it so small round paprika you to
example in turkish supermarkets
I now have eight of them
That's about 800 grams
There are also smaller variants and who
who does not want to be able to do the whole thing
normal red or yellow greens
take chilies
then I have minced beef
Minced meat 500 grams of some olive oil
about two tablespoons 100 grams rice
I already washed it with
two tablespoons hot tomato tomato
and a teaspoon of paprika likes a big one
onion I have already in small
cut dice
you need salt and pepper and something
Parsley is also a good match
can you chop them up too ?
Unfortunately I do not have and who wants
you can have a few tomatoes with pure
give
with the ingredients can of course also
always vary with the herbs with the
spices her because if you have
no tomatenmark've since got so the
do not like the dino paprika mark or
liszt let it off you can to
For example , fresh tomatoes in the
enter filling so experimented there
Just for fun and tried
just from what you like best
I like it so much and that's why
I show you how I like my dorma
manufacturer First we take you the
paprika they are all already
washed and there you cut from above
this way
once around they do the
Carefully away and can now here
this core housing remove the cover
you do not throw away we need
to cover again later
by gently turning and the rest
I'm knocking out now
you can already do that
put in your big pot here
then you can also see if everyone else
fit in
just imagine that
they will be the same if then all in there
later everything is so pure here
the opening upwards
then I could easily do it later
heartstrings
that put then briefly to the side and
prepares the filling for so long
for filling take by the
minced meat
because then comes the rice has then the
sticks now but is still wet from
then wash tomatoes and peppers like the
onions and two tablespoons of olive oil
or tasteless oil slightly better
and about a teaspoon of salt and now
we take this again daily or
just not a small cup and fill it
halfway with water and that comes
also with pure
that will be all together
mixed
I had no parsley here
still so this 7 herbal mixture with pure
parsley chervil is also under construction
of the state in the court no further
then you take the peppers and give
each something of fulfillment in each
Peppers left a lot of so much stuffing
would have three to four peppers
can fill with it
But that's not bad for her
because the filling can be quite good
freeze and later the next time
used very little there is still each
are tomato pieces with it
and strong
now the lids on top just
give the matching lid with on top
does not have to be perfect anymore
you do not need to remember it
which lids are so worldly paprika
just like that
then just come here again
a glass of water with a small one
The culprit is the olive oil and then it can
are already cooked, he is now
still the lid on it and then
the peppers about an hour completely
gone low heat
Of course, the stuffed peppers too
cook a little shorter
I think half an hour will be there too
However , I like very much and
it is my personal taste though
the peppers are soft
I do not like that at this dish
like to firm but as said because it
she just wants to cook
half an hour and everyone else
they can wait a little longer
Rejoice with this recipe again
a little insight into the Turkish
kitchen will give me but of course
happy about feedback and about
people who cook this dish
and then I'm looking forward to mine
next video is looking forward to your
comments and ratings and
then say goodbye to you next
times